-this is a sample taken from the first output of the ranker that actually printed out the reviews. It's fascinating that the first review (best review according to the classifier) is glowing and full of information while the #2 review is incredibly negative in nature, but still an excellent review containing explanation for why the business should be shut down
-this output was generated using a test set that contained only useful reviews with more than 15 useful votes on yelp



Welcome to fabulous Las Vegas, Carlo's Bakery! I ate at Buddy V's a couple weeks ago and one of the managers stopped at our table to check on us. After letting him know I was a "Cake Boss" fan, he let me know when the bakery would be opening and that contestants from "Next Great Baker" would be there. I obviously cleared my schedule for opening day! Carlo's Bakery (located inside The Venetian) is literally right across from Buddy V's and the pathway between them is a little more narrow than usual, so I wondered about how they were going to tame the long lines because there was no way there wouldn't be one.  

The grand opening was at 6 pm, so I wanted to get there early hoping to beat some of the crowd. I had my hubby and 2 nieces with me and we arrived to Carlo's Bakery around 5 pm to find a long line formed already. Venetian security had a field day with this one! We found our place at the end of the line and even though there were a lot of people in front of us, the line only grew l-o-n-g-e-r behind us. I was thankful for the spot we had after seeing just how long the line got! I appreciated that we were given samples from Carlo's employees while we waited. So let me talk about the wait. WOW! It was almost a 4 hour wait from the time we first got in line and actually got inside the bakery. I know that is a long time, but it wasn't so bad with all the activity going on around us. Between the free samples and seeing people from Next Great Baker and Cake Boss go by and stop to talk to us and take pictures, it didn't feel like 4 hours and honestly was a freaking blast! Hubby was a real trooper holding our spot in line while we would take off to get our picture with Buddy, Grace, Danny, Mary and people from NGB. 

Poor Buddy! He really didn't have the proper help keeping people back (like I said the pathway is a little more narrow than usual) and at one point they did have a line to meet him, but they had to stop it because so many people were crowding around and there wasn't a clear path for the people walking by who had no idea what Carlo's Bakery even was lol. At one point, Buddy came back for pictures and my nieces and I were able to get a picture. After the picture, Buddy gave one of my nieces a great big hug and a kiss on her forehead. She was SO excited smiling bright and cried a little saying "I'm never washing my face again" ...bless her precious young heart! They both had a blast and it's one experience they will never forget, myself included!

One inside the bakery, we were greeted and the girl who helped us was very friendly and helpful. it was kind of crazy inside the bake shop with people, so I just randomly picked out different things I could see. Ordering was quick, but getting what I ordered took a bit. While we waited (maybe 10 minutes) the sweet smell inside was heaven and I liked the open windows showing the bakers working. They have these windows not just inside the bakery, but outside too. When my name was called I went up to pay for my order and saw everything was packaged nicely. This was a great experience and I will most definitely be back!

Lobster Tails ($5.95) - Excellent! Try this! It's flaky with a cream inside and a little Bailey's Irish Cream. This was my favorite of what I tried. 

Eclair ($2.50) - This was cut if half and had a filling. It also had chocolate on top. This was pretty good. I thought at first site that it didn't have enough chocolate on it, but the chocolate was thick and the right amount.

Cream Puff ($2.50) - Custard filled with powdered sugar on top. I took a bite and thought it was good, so I told hubby to try it and he finished it. Glad I at least got a bite!

Chocolate Cannoli ($3/Mini) - This I figured I would like, but I ended up loving it! The amount of filling was decent. I'd order this one again.

Cannoli ($2.50/mini) - The filling has a ricotta cream with chocolate chips. I did like this one a lot and would eat it again, but I personally preferred the chocolate cannoli.

Strawberry Tart ($2.85) - This was my least favorite. If you do try this, I would recommend eating it soon. When I got home with my box, the strawberry tart looked like it melted a bit and the strawberry slid off. None of that really bothered me because I hadn't had it before and didn't know it wasn't something that didn't travel well. The way it tasted did bother me though, The bottom was rock hard and I had trouble even biting into it. I might try it again in the future, but am in no rush.

Chocolate Fudge Cupcake ($3.50) - I had the option between a vanilla or chocolate cupcake and chose the chocolate. It had a chocolate fudge frosting with sprinkles on top. This was just average. Not bad, but not great.

Carrot Cupcake ($3.50) - Of the 2 cupcakes I tried, this was the best. The cupcake was moist and the cream cheese frosting was very good. 

They also have merchandise for sale (mugs, cookbooks, etc.) and take special orders for cakes and other goodies.
-------------------
0.18599189913516825
===================
SHUT IT DOWN!

I was incredibly disappointed when we went to grab dinner here last night. Chef Ramsey would have been so upset at the lack of customer respect. It was like they really didn't care. And I found this unacceptable. 

The hostess took us to our table which was a very cool table but it was not very comfortable for our group to have dinner at. It was so low, that there was no way we could even eat or cut our meat. If we were just drinking then we would have hung out here all night. I asked the hostess for a booth, which was right next to the original table. 

She told me that the 4 empty booths were reserved and we couldn't sit there. I asked the hostess how embarrassed would she be if we sat at the uncomfortable table and no one showed up for those 4 booths in the next hour.  She ignored me and didn't respond. 

She then told me that this was the only table we could have. The sad part is that 60% of the tables were empty and she refused to seat us anywhere else.  I told her I wanted to speak to the manager. She went back to the hostesses station told the other girl and the second hostess rolled her eyes. Honestly I'm the customer.  I don't need to see that. The hostess made a phone call to the manager, who never picked up his phone.  She then went in the back and when she came back she gave us one of the booths we had requested. Wow! What changed?

First, why did it take me 10 minutes to get a booth in a restaurant that was only 40% full. Secondly, I asked to speak to the manager and the manager never came out. Why? Completely unacceptable and disrespectful. Really where is the manager and why didn't he come over to talk to us. 

On a side note: At 10:22pm, we were seated and at 12:19am the booths were still empty.  In fact, nobody ever sat in any of those booths for almost 2 hours. It became apparent that the hostess completely lied to us by telling us they were reserved. Who is training the staff to act like this?

Plus we sat at our table with no service for about 10 minutes. I believe the hostesses probably thought it was funny to send no one over.  We all discussed leaving but decided to stay. 

At 11:52pm all of the lights went full blast, during our meal. It was so bright it hurt our eyes. I spoke to the guy cleaning the tables and he went to speak to the manager and the lights went back down after 5 minutes.  We were just trying to finish our dinner. He came back and said, "the manager had no idea who turned all the lights on!" I think the manager might need a visit from GR and he may have his lights turned on. The waitress told us the lights go full blast every night at that time. I think it must be on a timer, like last call for alcohol. But it should not blast all the lights in the dinning areas. It was not a fun feeling as we ate our dinners. 

My first drink didn't look like the picture in the iPad menu. And I was told by the waitress that the drinks never look like the photos in the iPad. Then why do we have photos of the drinks in the iPad? Again this is wrong and not right. GR would be screaming at someone. 

I went to order another drink at 12:00am but was informed that the bar was closed. I said really and why didn't someone tell us it was last call. There was no response. I told the waitress that I was just having a wheat beer and it shouldn't be a problem to pour a pint. All the bartenders were still there. She went to ask and came back with my pint but I noticed that the Orange slice was missing and about an inch of beer was also missing.  I asked where was the orange slice (this beer is suppose to come with it) and I was told that it was wrapped in Saran Wrap and put away. I asked her to grab me a slice and she said that it wouldn't be possible. Why is this dinner so painful?

I'm so mad that I haven't even got to reviewing the food yet.  The best thing we had here was the fingerling potatoes. It was a side dish but it was the star of the show. My buddy was not happy with his lamb. It was covered in a cheese and he felt it was over powering. I liked my PEI mussels and clams but didn't love them. They came with chorizo, carmelized fennel and lemon zest. I've had better mussel dishes elsewhere. I will say that the shellfish was fresh and only two clams had some sand in them. 

Would I come back here again? Probably never! So you're saying there's a chance? I would only probably ever eat here if Chef Ramsey was actually here running it. This place needs to be on one of those Restaurant Rescue Food shows and its only been open 4 months. I was also informed by the staff that GR had only been there 5 times in the last 4 months, since this location opened. If that is true then, he really needs to spend some time here fixing the many issues. I think the loser of Hell's Kitchen might be running this place?

I let my love of GR influence my choice to stay! Next time I will follow my brain and not my heart. We should have all walked.
-------------------
0.1787395995181693
===================